Tutorial for custom http headers (#1644)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: products/pages/src/content/how-to/add-custom-headers.md

Before continuing, ensure that your Cloudflare Pages project is connected to a [custom domain](https://developers.cloudflare.com/pages/getting-started#adding-a-custom-domain). 

## Writing a Workers function

Workers functions are written in [JavaScript](https://www.cloudflare.com/learning/serverless/serverless-javascript/). When a Worker makes a request to a Cloudflare Pages application, it will receive a response. The response a Worker receives is immutable, meaning it cannot be changed. In order to add, delete or alter headers, you will clone the response and modify the headers on a new `Response` instance. You will return the new response to the browser with your desired header changes. An example of this is shown below: 

```js
---
header: Setting custom headers with a Workers function
---
addEventListener('fetch', event => {
  event.respondWith(handleRequest(event.request))
})

async function handleRequest(request) {

>   const response = await fetch(request)
>   const headers = new Headers(response.headers)
> 
>   // Add a header
>   headers.append("x-workers-hello", "Hello from Cloudflare Workers")
> 
>   // Delete headers
>   headers.delete("x-header-to-delete")
>   headers.delete("x-header2-to-delete")
> 
>   // Alter a header
>   headers.set("x-header-to-change", "NewValue")
> 
>   const newResponse = new Response(response.body, {
>     ...response,
>     headers
>   })
> 
>   return newResponse

Reviewer: Should we use the more common pattern of cloning the `Response` directly and then manipulating _its_ headers? Can keep it just as clear, but use the same approach (I think) we have elsewhere in the docs.

```suggestion
  const response = await fetch(request)
  
  // Clone the response so that it's no longer immutable
  const newResponse = new Response(response.body, response)

  // Add a custom header with a value
  newResponse.headers.append("x-workers-hello", "Hello from Cloudflare Workers")

  // Delete headers
  newResponse.headers.delete("x-header-to-delete")
  newResponse.headers.delete("x-header2-to-delete")

  // Adjust the value for an existing header
  newResponse.headers.set("x-header-to-change", "NewValue")

  return newResponse
```

}
```

<Aside>

If you would like to skip writing this file yourself, you can use our `custom-headers-example` [template](https://github.com/signalnerve/custom-headers-example) to generate a new Workers function with [wrangler](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/cli-wrangler/install-update), the Workers CLI tool. 

> ```sh 

Reviewer 2: unsure if we can drop a code snippet inside of an Aside - would be awesome if this works, but let's double-check by running the docs locally

Author: @signalnerve I remembered that from our conversation so I tested it! Running it locally, it does look like it is possible to put a code block in an aside :)

---
header: Generating a serverless function with wrangler
---
$ wrangler generate projectname https://github.com/cloudflare/custom-headers-example
```

</Aside>

## Deploying a Workers function

> In order for your Workers function to operate alongside your custom Pages application, it will need to be deployed to the same custom domain as your Pages application. To do this, update the `wrangler.toml` file in your project with your account and zone details: 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In order for your Workers function to operate alongside your Pages application, it will need to be deployed to the same custom domain as your Pages application. To do this, update the `wrangler.toml` file in your project with your account and zone details: 
```

---
pcx-content-type: how-to
---

# Add Custom HTTP Headers

Why you may need to customise HTTP headers
Aside on need for custom domain
The code 

> How to deploy it, and what resources you need in order to do it

Reviewer: This still meant to be here?

Author: nah this is just a draft
